Introduce testhelper module (#225)
1Password/onepassword-operator: pkg/testhelper/README.md

# OnePassword Operator Test Helper

> This is a standalone Go module that provides testing utilities for Kubernetes operators, specifically designed for testing OnePassword operators but can be used for any Kubernetes operator testing.

Reviewer: This description might be a bit inaccurate. It contains functionality for testing the injector as well. Would this phrasing be more accurate?
```suggestion
This is a standalone Go module that provides testing utilities for Kubernetes operators and webhooks. It's specifically designed for testing 1Password Kubernetes operator and secrets injector, but it can be used for any Kubernetes operator or webhook testing.
```

## Installation

To use this module in your project, add it as a dependency:

```bash
go get github.com/1Password/onepassword-operator/pkg/testhelper@<commit-hash>
```

### Basic Setup

```go
import (
    "github.com/1Password/onepassword-operator/pkg/testhelper/kube"
    "github.com/1Password/onepassword-operator/pkg/testhelper/defaults"
)

// Create a kube client for testing
kubeClient := kube.NewKubeClient(&kube.Config{
    Namespace:    "default",
    ManifestsDir: "manifests",
    TestConfig: &kube.TestConfig{
        Timeout:  defaults.E2ETimeout,
        Interval: defaults.E2EInterval,
    },
    CRDs: []string{
        "path/to/your/crd.yaml",
    },
})
```

### Working with Secrets

```go
// Create a secret from environment variable
secret := kubeClient.Secret("my-secret")

> secret.CreateFromEnvVar(ctx, "MY_ENV_VAR")

Reviewer: Is this secrets created via the OnePasswordItem CRD resource or is it a plain Kubernetes secret? 🤔 

Having some clarity on that might help, especially since the operator creates K8s secrets via the CRD and the injector doesn't use K8s secrets.
